Hello there.
I want to talk quickly about one of the tools that we're going to use throughout the course, especially
when we do bonus questions and also for you to use after you're done with the course.
In my opinion, this is the best website to get interview questions.
And the thing that I love about Elite Code is that they have a ton of questions, but they give really,
really good descriptions.
And you're also able to code online in a ton of different languages that you choose.
It's up to you what you choose to code in.
And although they have a paid version, you can do most of these problems without a subscription just
for free.
I also want to give you a heads up and let you know that their interface sometimes changes.
As you can see, for some problems, it looks like this.
And when you watch this video, things must be organized a little bit different on the screen.
But the key thing is there's the solution tab, which some questions will have.
But my favorite is the Discuss tab because no matter what your language, you can type in a solution
here and you'll see all the people that did their solution.
And let's say Python or let's say you want to do C++.
Well, all the C++ solutions are here as well as the votes, views and comments.
This is, again, one of my favorite resources.
But I want to warn you, there are a ton of problems here and they vary from easy to really difficult.
And you can spend a lot of time just constantly doing these questions over and over, but don't get
sucked into the rabbit hole.
After you do a certain number of problems here, you're already going to be a lot better than the average
programmer.
So do them for fun afterwards.
But don't forget to focus on what the most important task at hand is that is getting that dream job.
And don't worry, some of the top programmers still have difficulties with some of the questions here.
So never feel like this shows you the quality of the programmer you are.
It's just a playground for you to use throughout your career to improve.
And no, they are not sponsoring me or doing anything like that.
I just think they are a great tool.
I'll see you in the next one.